README.md, before:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/rknj/release-notes-report-plugin/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/rknj/release-notes-report-plugin/tree/master)
![GitHub tag (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/rknj/release-notes-report-plugin)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

# Jira Report for Release Notes

This report has been created to build a Release Notes with issues grouped by version and component.
It is available from the reports tab on a Jira project.
Please note that this report is based on the custom field "Changelog Notes" but if you do not have it it will display the summary.

With the last version of the report (2.2.0) you will have the following options available:

<img src="src/main/resources/images/report_config.png" alt="Report configuration" width="500"/>

## Commands
- atlas-run: to run a local instance of Jira
- atlas-package: to build the add-on
- atlas-mvn: Maven command to use with Atlassian SDK (ex: for release:prepare and release:perform)

## Tutorial

This module has been created following the Atlassian tutorial: https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/creating-a-jira-report/

## Useful links

https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/report/

https://docs.atlassian.com/software/jira/docs/api/6.4.12/

https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/packaging-and-releasing-your-plugin/

https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/object-configurable-parameters/

Commit message:

Update README to give installation details (#9)

README.md, after:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/rknj/release-notes-report-plugin/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/rknj/release-notes-report-plugin/tree/master)
![GitHub tag (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/rknj/release-notes-report-plugin)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

# Jira Report for Release Notes

This report has been created to build a Release Notes with issues grouped by version and component.
With the last version of the report you will have the following options available:

<img src="src/main/resources/images/report_config.png" alt="Report configuration" width="500"/>

## Installation

Please note that this report uses a custom field **Changelog Notes** and if you do not have it it will uses the summary field by default.

To install this add-on follow these instructions:
- Get the latest version of the add-on and deploy it on your Jira instance
- In the project report tab you’ll see a new entry **Release Notes By Version And Component** in the **Other** section
<img src="img/report-access.png" alt="Report configuration" width="500"/>

- After a click on this entry, you'll see the configuration panel (see above)

## Tutorial

This module has been created following the Atlassian tutorial: https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/creating-a-jira-report/

## Useful links

- Atlassian Developer Documentation: https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/
- Report content type: https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/report/
- API Javadoc: https://docs.atlassian.com/software/jira/docs/api/
- Simple configuration parameters: https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/object-configurable-parameters/
